well I might as well tell you I'm eating
for two what's happening it is knocked
up again I just sort of how you manage
all the things in your life and still
make time for your charitable work Oh
Pharmaceuticals oh I wasn't gonna say
anything about berries like my sister
this is in the vault right Stephen is
having an affair oh my god he's fooling
around with some woman who works behind
the perfume counter the spritzer yeah
can you believe that
she's Alex not now
you need to drag around a pole there's
today
oh is this about the perfume bitch you
knew and you didn't tell me now honest
to god Mary I'm still hurt I heard what
happened I ordered you a gimlet I know
you don't forgive me I have to know but
you will eventually so why not start now
wait if I cook this a romantic dinner
tonight the big white square thing with
the fire coming out of it is the stove
she's here in the dressing room across
the hall what
now I'm giving you permission to behave
badly you go in there and kick her
Mary is a friend of ours you better stop
it
I'm so sorry that I won't be able to
stay longer at my water just broke